Mom, please help me
My dad is going to put me in jail
Yunxiu, it's good that you are here.
Don't worry about anything.
Hurry up and take Liang Kun back, no, mom
That's the vixen who seduced my dad
You go and clean him up
Ok Liang Yunsong
I said why are you always away from home these days?
Don't say what you did
So I went outside to find the fox spirit
Yunxiu, things are really not what you think
Ruo Yingxue is the eldest lady of the Luo family
Give me ten guts and I can't move his mind
Take Liang Kun away
I beg you.
City Lord Liang, you are raising a mistress outside
He was caught by his wife and let her go
What kind of reasoning is that?
Mother hero
You don't even know how old you are
Do this kind of thing
Are you still shameless?
My eldest lady, right?
It's kind of cute
But you want to rob me of a man
You're still a little young
Don't be too lazy to touch Mrs. Liang with dirty hands, right?
I suggest you have already increased the volume.
Don't be deceived by someone with bad intentions